Update testing docs with info about React Testing Library (#23015)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/contributors/testing-overview.md

## JavaScript Testing

Tests for JavaScript use [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) as the test runner and its API for [globals](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/api.html) (`describe`, `test`, `beforeEach` and so on) [assertions](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/expect.html), [mocks](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/mock-functions.html), [spies](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/jest-object.html#jestspyonobject-methodname) and [mock functions](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/mock-function-api.html). If needed, you can also use [React Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro) for React component testing.

> It should be noted that in the past, React components were unit tested with [Enzyme](https://github.com/airbnb/enzyme). We are, however, slowly moving development away from that library on an ongoing basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should be noted that in the past, React components were unit tested with [Enzyme](https://github.com/airbnb/enzyme). However, for new tests, it is preferred to use React Testing Library (RTL) and over time old tests should be refactored to use RTL too (typically when working on code that touches an old test).
```
